---
source: granola
workspace: eclipse
ingested_at: '2026-05-07T04:23:57.244510Z'
ingest_version: 1
content_hash: blake3:86a1161af919bdb2b2794ac69835524433a787eb2302528c900eddcf6d2f73b6
provider_modified_at: '2026-03-02T17:00:59.860Z'
account: adithya@outerscope.xyz
account_slug: adithya-outerscope
document_id: 0a3b4536-941a-427a-bdf6-d969eaf94817
document_id_short: 0a3b4536
title: All Hands
created_at: '2026-03-02T16:39:02.275Z'
updated_at: '2026-03-02T17:00:59.860Z'
folders:
- id: 84a8f86d-16f6-4529-a4b3-11a687032b07
  title: ECLIPSE
creator:
  name: Adithya
  email: adithya@outerscope.xyz
attendees:
- name: null
  email: cemal@eclipse.builders
- name: null
  email: julien@eclipse.builders
- name: null
  email: daniel@eclipse.builders
- name: null
  email: kayla@eclipse.builders
- name: null
  email: vedant@eclipse.builders
- name: null
  email: chinghua@eclipse.builders
- name: null
  email: sydney@eclipse.builders
calendar_event:
  title: All Hands
  start: '2026-03-02T10:30:00-06:00'
  end: '2026-03-02T11:00:00-06:00'
  url: https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=MHZzaDRrdWxoNjk1bmFuYmtvOGRrYTN2YXRfMjAyNjAzMDJUMTYzMDAwWiBhZGl0aHlhQGVjbGlwc2UuYnVpbGRlcnM
  conferencing_url: https://meet.google.com/yjd-xszp-ghv
  conferencing_type: Google Meet
transcript_segment_count: 95
duration_ms: 414846
valid_meeting: true
was_trashed: null
routed_by:
- workspace: eclipse
  rule: folder:ECLIPSE
---

# All Hands

> 2026-03-02T16:39:02.275Z · duration 6m 54s · 8 attendees

## Attendees

- **Adithya** (creator) <adithya@outerscope.xyz>
- <cemal@eclipse.builders>
- <julien@eclipse.builders>
- <daniel@eclipse.builders>
- <kayla@eclipse.builders>
- <vedant@eclipse.builders>
- <chinghua@eclipse.builders>
- <sydney@eclipse.builders>

## Calendar Event

- Title: All Hands
- Start: 2026-03-02T10:30:00-06:00
- End: 2026-03-02T11:00:00-06:00
- URL: https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=MHZzaDRrdWxoNjk1bmFuYmtvOGRrYTN2YXRfMjAyNjAzMDJUMTYzMDAwWiBhZGl0aHlhQGVjbGlwc2UuYnVpbGRlcnM
- Conferencing: Google Meet https://meet.google.com/yjd-xszp-ghv

## Transcript

**Other:** Or is it responsibility of working on that? All right. Daniel, are you aware of those. I'm even tramol's dms. No. Okay. But, yeah, feel free to set it up. Yeah, for sure. I'll send it out as well. It's just like it's on the Figma file as well. Anyways, it's named. Audit. Basically, I think the current Android side. So, yeah, if any questions there, do let me know. Jamal is already working on that. Jamal, if you have any questions on that, do let me know. I'll send over a quick loom on that side. But, yeah, that's the update from my side. Pass it on to Addie.

**Me:** My partner brokers over the past week and a half is primarily just been demand cell generation. For that I've taken a couple of approaches. Basically, the primary approach here is just using LinkedIn to just code the young folks. It's been working, actually, pretty decently. So we have a bunch of kids, actually for this weekend. Just super cool. I have some calls already booked last week, but actually a couple more calls got booked this weekend. Just super sick. So we have all these guys on the book right now, and all these folks are either building foundational data models themselves, so they need direct data pipelines, which is cool, because that's recurring. Revenue for us. They're building sort of continuously iterating models which most of these guys are. Or they're getting sort of like data pipelines and through something third party data broker that has existing sort of pipeline relationships that we can tap into. So the two types of deals that would kind of be struck here is one, probably a direct data deal that becomes 100 directly fulfilled. This is so much like the Spanish English deal that we did. Or two. This would also definitely be like the kind of tap into their existing sort of relationships. And what does kind of give more trivia escalation where we can just sell through them. And so I've gotten some no's. Obviously this is really kind of what the rents are marked in yellow is basically demarcated that there's some action that's moved up there end but significantly more hits obviously compared to last week, which means that this is definitely working. I propose the idea of potentially getting Sales Navigator last week. I think based off the sort of this weekend's results, I probably will go through with that just to kind of augment rate of outreach here. But anyways, this is my primary north starometric kind of largely shifted focus from. Not to say that the email still aren't getting sent out. They are just automated, but for podcast outreach and stuff largely. Pause. That should focus here. The rationale behind that is just because once we have folks that are actually paying us money to do shit, it makes a lot more sense. To understand how we can price sort of data that we purchased. Anyways, that's about it. In mind.

**Other:** Any questions for anyone? Comments. Just like an operational thing. For kayla. And. You send me what I need for after account stuff. I just need your and Sydney Apple IDs to add to our Apple dev account. Preferably specific one versus personal, if there's anyone else that should be added. But I figured you two would be great to start. I can bump my message with the high level summary, but that's sort of the next once you guys were added to the account. We can figure out. Okay? Yeah. I'm not sure about making them clip specific. That could be kind of a pain. I'll take it offline with you, okay? Anything else.

**Me:** Sorry, Daniel. One thing. I was asking Julien this little last week. I think Jamal brought this up earlier. There's mismatched sort of time audio type thing for some of the errors I'm seeing where the uploaded audios that can maybe like a couple of seconds we can see whereas the actual upload file is a couple megabytes in size there sort of provision. For that being positive currently. I noticed that that was happening a couple times. In the error section.

**Other:** Sorry. I think your mic is, like, too far from your face.

**Me:** Oh, bro, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Wait, can you put that announcement.

**Other:** Honestly? No. I feel like you're using a different mic. Maybe. Yeah, I think you're using. It sounds like a tinny, like, computer mic.

**Me:** That's worse. Hello. Hello.

**Other:** There we go.

**Me:** Okay?

**Other:** That's way better. Okay.

**Me:** Classic Julie initiate. Man, he got good audio equipment and never works.

**Other:** Yeah, it sounded like you were like. You're like a tin can with string.

**Me:** You're talking through one of those. No, I was just wondering.

**Other:** Yeah. And respectfully, I don't think anyone heard any of your update.

**Me:** Oh, shit. Are you serious? Fuck. Okay.

**Other:** Well, like, we heard it, but it was just like,

**Me:** Wait. No way, bro. You all should have sent something.

**Other:** What were you saying about the. It's all right. The transcription might have. Got it. The robots will handle it. What was the thing you said about the seconds and the megabytes? Something on megabytes?

**Me:** Okay? Basically, yeah, there's a couple of errors I'm seeing. Dude. Like, the mono audio error makes sense, actually, because it's literally just mono upload audio. But the error that doesn't make sense is, like, there's mismatched audio times, basically, where it's like the uploaded audio will show. Several megabytes in size, which indicates a light here, like sort of sample. But I'm only able to see eight seconds of the audio for some.

**Other:** Okay?

**Me:** Reason.

**Other:** Can you just make a GitHub issue and. With one of the audio. Yeah, one of the audio IDs.

**Me:** Y. Ay. I'm the process of doing it. Yeah.

**Other:** And honestly, we can. We can put the bot on it and see how it goes. I don't know if it'll work.

**Me:** What? Do I do? Bam.

**Other:** Yeah, but we can. We can give it a shot.

**Me:** Should. Be interesting. Okay?

**Other:** I don't know if it'll. I don't think it has the access to the production data that it would need to resolve something like that, but we can. We can see.

**Me:** Y. Eah. Give. It a shot. Of this.

**Other:** We'll give the bots a chance.

**Me:** Yeah. Sounds good. In updates. I just got more people on the books. That's it. That's like the one live.

**Other:** Hell, yeah. Hell, yeah. Also, Addie, did you get your GitHub permissions figured out?

**Me:** Yeah. Wait, Daniel, can you reinvite my eclipse email? Dude, I'm unable to get rewrite access for some reason. I was trying to make a pr.

**Other:** GitHub. You need a username, not like an email. Just. Just DM me. We'll figure it out. Yeah.

**Me:** I'll send you everything. Yeah.

**Other:** I'm not sick anymore. Everyone, little update. If you want to know any more details about my GI tract, I'm having to share them.

**Me:** Did you aim out the window? Dude, did you aim out the window?

**Other:** It wasn't that kind of.

**Me:** Not that kind of gi tract.

**Other:** Situation. I like that. I don't know, I just. I got a neighborhood to deal with, you know? All right, I got to go. Thanks, guys.

**Me:** It's hilarious. That's hilarious, bro. Pace ho. A. Then.
