---
source: granola
workspace: sei
ingested_at: '2026-05-07T04:23:57.244510Z'
ingest_version: 1
content_hash: blake3:d1fa42b9697f70750cbf2fc6661f69775a32919430e3f8b96964c0f9ed9ccce8
provider_modified_at: '2026-01-15T16:59:20.789Z'
account: adithya@outerscope.xyz
account_slug: adithya-outerscope
document_id: 5ed05c23-0f20-4a9a-acfe-1f02f848f7d3
document_id_short: 5ed05c23
title: All Hands
created_at: '2026-01-15T16:01:00.497Z'
updated_at: '2026-01-15T16:59:20.789Z'
folders:
- id: 3ca3cb55-d6e1-49ef-961a-8ba2469731a5
  title: SEI
creator:
  name: Adithya
  email: adithya@outerscope.xyz
attendees:
- name: null
  email: richard@seifdn.org
- name: null
  email: team@sei.io
- name: Sei Foundation Team
  email: team@seifdn.org
- name: null
  email: brad@sei.io
- name: null
  email: team@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: campbell@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: gerald@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: kat@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: jerry@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: austin@sei.io
- name: null
  email: yiming@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: masih@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: clinton@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: steven.cummings@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: kamran@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: philip@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: paul@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: derek@seifdn.org
- name: null
  email: denys@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: uday@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: josh@sei.io
- name: null
  email: julian@sei.io
- name: null
  email: larry@sei.io
- name: null
  email: lz@sei.io
- name: null
  email: owen@sei.io
- name: null
  email: vasco@sei.io
- name: null
  email: jeff@sierrawood.io
- name: null
  email: arno@sei.io
- name: null
  email: harvey@sei.io
- name: null
  email: alex@seifdn.org
- name: null
  email: troy@seifdn.org
- name: null
  email: jason.f@seifdn.org
- name: null
  email: pavle@seinetwork.io
- name: null
  email: kartik@seinetwork.io
calendar_event:
  title: All Hands
  start: '2026-01-15T10:00:00-06:00'
  end: '2026-01-15T11:00:00-06:00'
  url: https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=MjVxcWR1cHRocm9ja3NkMW9sb2MzNmY1c3JfMjAyNjAxMTVUMTYwMDAwWiBhZGl0aHlhQHNlaW5ldHdvcmsuaW8
  conferencing_url: https://meet.google.com/swc-iboi-wxq
  conferencing_type: Google Meet
transcript_segment_count: 272
duration_ms: 3318880
valid_meeting: true
was_trashed: null
routed_by:
- workspace: sei
  rule: folder:SEI
---

# All Hands

> 2026-01-15T16:01:00.497Z · duration 55m 18s · 35 attendees

## Attendees

- **Adithya** (creator) <adithya@outerscope.xyz>
- <richard@seifdn.org>
- <team@sei.io>
- Sei Foundation Team <team@seifdn.org>
- <brad@sei.io>
- <team@seinetwork.io>
- <campbell@seinetwork.io>
- <gerald@seinetwork.io>
- <kat@seinetwork.io>
- <jerry@seinetwork.io>
- <austin@sei.io>
- <yiming@seinetwork.io>
- <masih@seinetwork.io>
- <clinton@seinetwork.io>
- <steven.cummings@seinetwork.io>
- <kamran@seinetwork.io>
- <philip@seinetwork.io>
- <paul@seinetwork.io>
- <derek@seifdn.org>
- <denys@seinetwork.io>
- <uday@seinetwork.io>
- <josh@sei.io>
- <julian@sei.io>
- <larry@sei.io>
- <lz@sei.io>
- <owen@sei.io>
- <vasco@sei.io>
- <jeff@sierrawood.io>
- <arno@sei.io>
- <harvey@sei.io>
- <alex@seifdn.org>
- <troy@seifdn.org>
- <jason.f@seifdn.org>
- <pavle@seinetwork.io>
- <kartik@seinetwork.io>

## Calendar Event

- Title: All Hands
- Start: 2026-01-15T10:00:00-06:00
- End: 2026-01-15T11:00:00-06:00
- URL: https://www.google.com/calendar/event?eid=MjVxcWR1cHRocm9ja3NkMW9sb2MzNmY1c3JfMjAyNjAxMTVUMTYwMDAwWiBhZGl0aHlhQHNlaW5ldHdvcmsuaW8
- Conferencing: Google Meet https://meet.google.com/swc-iboi-wxq

## AI Notes

rep

## Transcript

**Other:** One more minute. Guys. All. Right. We're four minutes after the hour, so we are going to ship it. Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, everybody. Welcome to the all hands. Agenda today. A few big announcements from the lab side as far as team structure, and then for most of this session, the Foundation side will be going through 2025 H2 Retro in 2026 H1 plans as well. Got some new team members to intro and Q and A at the end. As well. So with that, as usual, we're going to get started with the mission, vision and values. So on the Foundation side, Alex Mason is lead us off this week. GM Everyone Foundation Mission Value is our vision. SEI is building eight decentralized Wall street infrastructure purpose built for financial transactions. Our mission is to build world changing applications. Our values are being patient. Always set expectations and deadlines. Be resourceful model after what works and over time it will take on your own style. And strong opinions weekly held think and bets avoid being non opinionated. Awesome. Thanks, alex. Over to labs. Lab side. I'll deliver our new mission and our original values. Lab's mission is to launch killer apps and build global scale L1 infrastructure. And our values are to be relentless. Opinionated, robust and collaborative. Awesome. Thanks, Jerry. Before we jump into the main programming, quick update from Peter on performance review cycle. So, Peter, take it away. Yeah. Hey, team. Shouldn't be a surprise that we're in the midst of performance reviews the mid cycle. So, looking back at the last six months, Highlighted in that red rectangle is where we are currently at. So managers are writing their downward reviews. Got a deadline of tomorrow. I know that's a lot on folks plates, so please reach out to the appropriate person for labs or Foundation. If you run into roadblocks or just need more time, calibration will start next week and then can expect performance conversations to begin the week of the 26th and continue onward again. Reach out to the appropriate person if you have questions or issues with Lattice or just anything about performance reviews. And that is the reminder. Okay? Gm everyone, I will go next. So from the lab side, we're going to be restructuring, I would say, a pretty big part of the org, starting next Monday. And the goal over here is to basically move in the direction of being a product first organization. So as part of that, we're having protocol and incubation start to be two of the core pillars of the company. More from the product and engineering side. And as part of that change, we're restructuring how eco engineering kind of works. So from the eco engineering team, we're having a few folks. So Brian, Carson and Yassin that'll be joining the platform team, which is part of the Protocol Org. And then we have Kam, Omar and Xander. It will be joining the incubations team. As part of this change as well, because we need significantly more design support moving forward. Xander will also become a design manager. And he'll be helping grow out the design team by hopefully hiring one more person in the near future. As part of this change as well. Recruiting is becoming recruiting in HR is becoming more and more of kind of super important for the company and kind of also a blocker for a lot of incubation stuff. So Clinton is going to start reporting to me and recruiting is going to start becoming a bigger, bigger orb, moving forward. So, yeah, this slide over here kind of summarizes all the changes. And this transition will start on January 19th. So if you guys have any questions, just let me know. And moving forward, I guess just be mindful of this. If you have requests for Brad and Carson, please also chat with Miss around them. The kind of manager for the platform team. And then any design request can start going through Kodi as well as part of this process. Cool. Let's continue. Okay, so, quick update on in the protocol engineering side. We're getting Six Three, our next upgrade ready. The main things to call out here are that there are staking features. All of the staking features will be available for EVM users. There's a lot of code cleanup, shout out to Masi and a bunch of the team for deleting a ton of code and various bug fixes for RPCs. Next up, we're also we also have a work stream going on to remove Oracle from the chain itself. And then on the giga side, we've been making a ton of progress. The storage consensus and execution tracks are progressing pretty well. Nothing major to update there right now, but we'll keep you guys updated. For the CYP3 update. I wanted to give everybody a shout out here. Been a lot of work going on on this USDC N migration comms. Jaime is killing it here. Basically what we're doing is letting Everybody know that USDC N specifically, as well as all the other IBC tokens will need to be migrated out through Q1. Since we did our comms last week, we haven't had a huge uptick here, so it's only about 50k, has been a total market cap of USDC and has decreased. So we do have a second round of comms that will go out today. Ish in another blog post that will lay out the quarter. And we have a third round of direct comms where we're going to be reaching to wallets directly with Alex's help next week. And just so everybody kind of understands the landscape, for Q1, we're looking at CYP3 related items. We're going to be adding the staking or improving staking Support in the 6.3 release. 6.4 will be disabling IBC inbound transfers, meaning you can't take assets from an other chain and bring it to sei. In March, we'll be removing the SEI native Oracle and we'll also have some other things that are currently totally scheduled, but they will have it in Q1 migrating ringgits. This is our vesting contracts from the Cosmos side. We'll be disabling Cosmos, Cosmos and contract deployment completely, Yiming to disable IBC outbound transactions by the end of Q1, and custodians are actively migrating clients to the EVM side now. Anchorage, Coinbase, custody, et cetera. Sorry. I think we'll skip this slide for this week. I can talk to it if we want to remind everybody what it's going to look like. We have an updated graphic as all. Yeah. Updated graphic. But just so everybody knows, we're going to keep reiterating this road to Giga, where we are going to be doing execution upgrades. We'll have storage upgrades that kind of go through the first part of the year and really culminating with getting to a cassette launch. And this is looking like 2026 and prepping for main net. But a lot of changes will come a part of this. But we've got this nice new graphic that shows the order of ops. Hey, everyone, quick updates. We have two maturing incubations at varying stages and a couple others still very early in the ideation and scoping phase. On the Monaco front. On the product side, their team is just fixing some bugs, getting things in a good spot for front ends to plug into next week. And we're also having a product demo next Thursday. So I'd say come join that. It should be on all your calendars if you have a chance. On the go to market front. Private Alpha next week is still slotted plus or minus a few days depending on these bugs. Testnet late Feb and then really activating the masses with a trading competition that we're going to get louder about too. Q1 Focus There is a VC fundraise hiring a founding engineer to really bootstrap and bolster the velocity of inge and then getting Testnet to market as well as getting some traction on Testnet. Then on the glass side we have renamed it Neuromorphic Props to Chatham for ideating on that one. On the product front. It's Chafe and Paul just leading validation. We're getting much closer. And once that's locked up, we're going to be able to shift meaningfully to a go to market phase. Just getting much louder about this being built and spinning out internally. There's going to be publishing the light paper, White Paper, announcing Chapin as the CEO, and then showcasing some of our early partnerships. That we're locking up as well as some demos. So look out in, like, Feb and March for that product to be much more vocal. And then half one focus. There is also a venture fundraise and closing some initial partners. So if we're successful here, we have the opportunity to have the two largest VC fundraisers to date on, say in Q1, potentially early Q2 depending on when they get announced. So really excited for that. And really, that's just on the back of having terrific CEOs in place. So a shout out to Clint, who's been killing it on the recruiting front. And then just a quick reminder here, any ideas? Everybody lives in these different pockets of the industry. We want to hear the alpha. And so if there's any world scale venture scale opportunities, please fill out this form that I dropped in the chat here and we can discuss it at any time. Eager to see what you guys can cook. That's about the incubations front. Awesome. Thanks, Cody Wouldn't be in all hands without a quick, slight refresh. Up next, the Foundation leads are going to do a quick round Rabbit update on H2 Retro and for plans for H1. This is not meant to represent every single thing we've done, but really just focus on the key themes. And so we will start off with Austin and the beauty team. Yep. So, again, to reiterate what Brian has said here, this is definitely not all encompassing. There is a much deeper list that we all presented at the sort of Foundation, internal, all hands. But the sake of this broader call, I think that there's a few key themes from the BD side as far as what worked well. I think one thing that we did a really good job of is our work around the public equities market. So we had a number of the ETFs for Sega announced, but we did not go super far down the DAT path like a number of other chains. I think as quickly as that became a theme, it also fell out of favor, and so we kind of dodged a bullet there on the DAT side. We did, of course, establish a lot of credibility with some of the larger logos that we're able to associate with the Apollos, the Blackrocks of the world, World Liberty 5, et cetera. And so now the next step there is really building some unique and interesting products alongside some of these names. The last thing that I will say here as well is I'll highlight gaming where we had a few decent TGE's, a number of them in the pipeline now and some strong listings on Alpha. And most importantly, I think here, for the purposes of what we get out of it, was excellent dau growth. And that dau growth. Contributed to a lot of the legitimacy that we were able to win with some of these partners because they saw that there was real users on the chain, there was transactions actually settling on the chain in a large amount. Then obviously we were able to prove that there is some amount of, of like, existing ecosystem beyond just areas like defi. So I'll kick it off. I'll throw it over to Chad there. Sure. What worked well in the last half for us to remind everybody our our North Star KPI for the last half of the year was to increase our mind share to stay relevant, which is very top of the funnel. Yeah, I've heard that screenshot, too. And to that end, we were reasonably effective from our socials. We, we really narrowed in on a clear narrative, and, and we're pretty consistent with telling that in, in the metrics on our social channels. Show that probably the biggest story of the year as far as quantitative numbers go, was the advocates and KOL approach. In the first half of the year, we went pretty heavy on KL agencies. In the second half of the year, it was really the internal system. That we call advocates, where basically there's no middleman. It's just Philip and team that are running the relationships with all these folks. And by the numbers our overall impression and mind share dramatically went up from that program from a million impressions a week mid year to we're currently at about 8 million a week from these advocates. And then I'll just shout out people on the team as well. Finding their voice and being consistent on the timeline served this Northstar KPI as well. And then in apac, we're just getting started, but we, we definitely made some, some strides and at least laying the groundwork for how we're going to approach those regions. I guess I'm Julian for all team wise. We basically helped out to basically get off the ground. One of the longest process we had as well along the way. Obviously soon the works like Takara, which has recently gained a lot more interest, without a doubt was basically our first big major TG as an ecosystem. I think on the second day it launched, we basically hit about an 880mm FDB. Just a couple of days ago, it hit basically 950mAhDV. So we basically almost have our first billion dollar FDB token. Obviously, you know, the divide ecosystem, despite that Alexa issues and other kind of stuff. Yeah. Is still basically the one that attracts the most interest, despite them having a direct relationship with elixir. And was one of those protocols that was affected. Of course, in terms of growing TGR and all that kind of stuff, in terms of getting a lot of the kind of DEFI activity getting started on the chain. The team basically ran a lot of sex campaigns, primarily being with baguette OkX as well as finance across 2025. And that basically helped us to hit almost 700 mil in TBL. Also this team, basically, in the second half of the year, something that, you know, we worked really, really hard to repair the registry OKx to really get the entire thing listing going and stuff, which also meant that with the OKX listing that had happened per se, in, I think Q3 of last year is very, very happy. I think everyone should be really, really proud to say that, you know, say as of today, is one of the only tokens that are listed on every single global exchange, completing the big exchange checklist and stuff. Even larger market tokens, even more hype tokens, like more net, for example, they're not on every single major exchange. Right? So definitely huge shout out to everyone who has worked towards the WX listing. Also, one other thing that we did entirely well was basically getting the Xiaomi deal off the ground, regardless of all the PR confusion and all that kind of stuff in the company, which, you know, Jeff can basically share more context on thought, or I can share more if anyone wants to reach out via dms, essentially, that basically meant that in China or with a Chinese company, we are basically one of the only blockchains to have a Web2 partnership. And when I mean Web2 partnership, across the past couple of years, you've seen ATOs, you see in other kind of chains doing a lot of these Web2 partnerships. But a lot of them are just really flawed, in my opinion. A lot of them do not really have the kind of in depth partnership that we basically had with Xiaomi. Right. Which is essentially one of the biggest deals in this year and definitely gotten us a lot more mind share. A lot of people in the industry, key figures as well, definitely talked about it as well. With that. I'll pass on the time to Brian and Gerald. Awesome. On the upside, a lot of stuff honestly was a little behind the scenes. But just one thing to call out is that we've continued to build Super Strong Team as we've gone throughout the half we've made 14 hires, we've reduced time to offer by 38%, and we've seen a lot of good feedback from candidates in that, you know, we're able to win candidates who have offered some other, you know, promising projects as well. And, and over the course of the half, we've seen a lot of high profile teams have, have some departures. And so we're, we're feeling really good about our ability to build the team. And have big plans for how we continually lean into our employer brand, which I'll talk about later. But with that, I'll hand it over to Gerald. Yeah. So I'll just echo a lot of the things that have been said here, I guess, for what worked well. I'll just highlight the, like, sort of big, ambitious campaigns that we. That we did, whether they resulted in sort of a final close or not. Like 23andMe the Yiming stablecoin thing. Circle integration. Where legal was involved seem to have been, like, big milestones for say so. That was good. And I think just continuing to bring, like, so SME subject matter experts around the table. I've highlighted before just some of the advisors that we have on the Foundation side. You know, shout out to the. The BD folks for continuing to use those relationships. That's. That's been really positive. So. Okay, as far as. Yep. Go ahead, brian. Were you? I'll take it away. Okay. Yeah. I mean, as far as what didn't work? Well, I think there's, you know, a long list of things that we can always improve on and certainly some areas where we're going to be putting some specific action items in place that we'll talk about, I think, on the next slide. I think one big theme is that we largely had too much of a focus on quantity and not quality. And so that resulted in Grants having some wins, but many, many more misses. And so one piece of this is basically re evaluating what kind of projects truly matter. Where have we seen the data that aligns with, you know, making certain types of decisions for different founders, different projects, et cetera, and overall, just cleaning up the grant process. Another area that I think was. Was important here that didn't have necessarily a desired effect was this sort of enterprise Council. Jack did some really great work here putting this together. But the way that we went about it, I think didn't align with what we've seen, actually works for different markets. Right. And so if we've seen something like Xiaomi have a really positive impact for our credibility because of the fact that it's unique, no one else is doing it, and it is a real true, like, deep product partnership. I think you can look at other examples from a bunch of different chains, whether it's Polygon or Abex or others, as examples of why, like, just getting a name X say doesn't actually really move the needle. Right. And so spending a lot more time on figuring out the right people to chat with internally in these orgs. Making sure that we're not chatting with someone that's basically just trying to sell us marketing, but instead someone who can really build real products alongside us is going to be an important piece of our H1 strategy. And the last thing I'll highlight here is Desi. And so I think Eleanor has done a good job embedding herself into the D PSI community. But one thing that we've noticed is that there's this big trend away from Desi as a topic and more into sort of health and innovation. And that's where Eleanor is going to be spending her time. What that means is that academic institutions and governments, particularly things like what Eleanor is working on with Bhutan, for example, or the UN Are going to be much more important than sort of native D. P.S.I projects trying to build the next like Molecule Dow, for example. Cool for for growth. I would say SEO in the last half was still lacking. And and just for everybody that that term is a little broader than just on page SEO. We're including LLMs in there as well as as just everybody changes their the way they go about searching for new information. So the categories sort of gotten a little a little broader, but that's something we need to double down on. Hackathons. We didn't do a ton of them, but the call out here is that it's not a trivia. There's it's a non trivial amount of time to execute these. Well, and there's just no evidence that there's a lasting impact on those. The PR also struggled as a channel. And, and we're going to refocus some of those efforts towards immediate things that are focused around New York City and, and getting high signal people involved in adjacent activities near our office. And probably the biggest learning was that we were optimizing for mind share towards the end of the year. We took everything into account, did some analysis on okay, is this as a KPI. Something that is going to move the needle in ways that, that really matter for the chain. And the analysis was pretty clear that it is probably not correlating directly or as directly as we want it to be. So currently, we're, we're shifting away from mind share as a primary KPI. To ones that are more immediate and more, I would say, further down the funnel. On our side, wise. Before I go into the first point, definitely Jason and team definitely worked very, very tirelessly to get a lot of the gaming projects off the ground. And we did see a couple of these actually get a lot of traction. Like Meta is actually one fantastic example. So basically brings me to this point, right? While a lot of these games and stuff have had successful tges, a lot of them have very, very limited integration with Defiance. Right. Which means a lot of that. Wow. It brought up very momentarily hype and stuff around the ecosystem. A lot of them does not translate into a longer term kind of flywheel effect, which basically means, you know, a lot of the training activity, a lot of the connectivity, where these gaming users, they get converted to users or say a lot of them, they just fall off. And just instead of, you know, coming on to chain, giving us the kind of traction, the kind of volumes and meaningful metrics that we care about, a lot of them just go to, you know, Sex. Right. Austin has basically talked about it before in the past, especially with regards to step in and so on. Right. That is basically what we are trying to gun for, Right? Where basically back then, you know, step in for anyone who. Who was here during the previous bull market. But Steven was incredibly hot and basically they put most of the liquidity on Chain. In fact, success only actually brought them on a lot later, which means Solana itself as a chain was really able to capture a lot more of the value the Stepan brought to the ecosystem as compared to some of the gaming tgs that we've had. Another thing that didn't work about obviously I shared this, I think in a couple of weeks ago in terms of elixir stream. I think that with the stream elixir kind of nonsense, there would have been something that we potentially could have avoided if we basically implemented a lot more stricter counterparty DD and transparency controls. Which, you know, it wasn't just us. I don't think anyone actually expected for them to actually share a dashboard and say, hey, you know, all the assets are here. But, you know, on hindsight, maybe if we have basically gotten like, you know, their smart contracts for the treasury and all that kind of stuff, we were quickly really noticed that the funds wasn't there and eventually, potentially even avoided something like this, right? Another thing that, you know, obviously we are reassessing is that while TVL has actually hit all time high and volume, basically all time high, A lot of the ROI from that kind of defi growth came, you know, at a cost of incentives. We basically spent a lot trying to fuel off the growth. So we are basically consistently, and we are currently reevaluating if TVL growth as well as volume. At the, you know, versus cost is important, especially in these kind of market. Where there isn't much kind of eyeballs in terms of defi and all that kind of stuff. A couple of months ago, six months ago, maybe, the story will have been very different. But as we all know, crypto moves very, very quickly, so it's worth consistently reevaluating every now and then. Brian jo. Awesome. On the upside, I think call out here is around the office. Obviously we made a big bet on IRL working and events. Had a ton of growing pains with the office. Everything from, you know, vendors and tech and stuff to the various types of events we ran that had varying levels of success and also dealing with the landlord and the building who likes to do things a little, you know, non standard. And so there's, there's certainly a long way to go and continuing to improve the office space, both from just a functionality and from a events perspective that will continue to build out on. I'll hand it over to Jo. Yeah. So I think this is pretty clear. Just having, like, a single sort of decision maker on legal can be a bottleneck. And so we're working kind of across the board to obviously go into hiring, expanding bandwidth on the team and having sort of multiple folks who can sign off on things and move things forward across the different entities that we have. And then just working with Austin Dillon, everybody else on, on continuing to refine those processes, and then I think what sort of addressed as a counterpoint to these big ambitious things that we dove into and the. What worked well. Is many times there were complex product discussions that weren't really refined yet where Legal was pulled in. And. And so we're also kind of refining at what stage Legal gets roped into some of those product discussions to make those more efficient for everybody. Jeff, do you want to take this one? Do you want me to go into it? Yeah, I'll touch on the the couple high level points. So we do this process. At a high level twice a year. It's a chance for us to be as honest as we can. And, you know, one of the things we encourage the broader Foundation team that I want to reflect. As well is we want to encourage everyone on this team. To do this throughout the year. So, you know, each person on the team obviously spends the overwhelming portion of their full time job. On any certain given initiative. And a lot of the times you are best equipped to actually tell us whether or not something is working or not. And being vocal about it. So, you know, if you feel like we've given something a good shot, if you feel like we're working on something that you. You personally don't think is necessarily the right choice for us to do. Definitely voicing. We can absolutely have that debate. Whether with the broader team or individually as well. The sort of big theme. Going into this year is obviously reevaluating what truly moves a needle. And. What that ends up meeting as. As you can see from how we think about the plan going forward is we want to take more concentrated guys. It's a lot more important that we take the sort of big swings and miss than it is to waste time and resources sort of chasing a lot of these metrics that don't necessarily move the needle, especially as much as we initially thought. So this means that the Foundation mission, as you noticed earlier in the, in this call, Went through a minor adjustment. So instead of finding and equipping founders building world changing applications, we're going to have to do them ourselves. So Foundation like labs. Will become a product first organization. A lot of the, you know, what that actually means is the standard chain partnerships that we've done and pursued over the last two years where SEI as a blockchain and as ecosystem. Is the product that we're selling. Is too broad, it's too vague. In most counterparties interpret it as. Almost like payment for marketing. Instead, all of our initiatives across the entire Foundation. Will revolve around partnering with a tangible, specific product. We have to have a tangible product at hand. So I'll touch on sort of what that means for each of the teams at a high level, how you can think about exactly what that product becomes for Chat and the growth team. A lot of that product comes down to a new TGE distribution staking app. The goal is what is a product that we can build just can be very simple, like a web application. That encourages more people to buy, acquire. Say and stake it. Julian and the broader Defi team will obviously focus on the Xiaomi app, sort of take that to launch, and the embedded swap. And trading app that will naturally be in that sort of wallet app. And then Austin and the broader BD team, they'll be focusing on more substantial partnerships. So ones like Xiaomi, where there is an actual specific product that is being developed. One that users can actually can use and wrap their head around. So the Actco product for folks to really understand on the Xiaomi sort of partnership is a wallet application. Think about it like Binance wallet app. You can think about it like basis wallet apps. It's not the same blockchain. That's what makes this partnership, obviously, a lot more different, a lot more special and a lot more real than most of these sort of logo X logos that we've seen historically. Yeah. So, just echoing what, what Jeff said here, I think one of the biggest gaps in the ecosystem we've talked about a number of different times is having these true killer apps, and as a result, sort of killer tokens. And so one of the things that we've seen now time and time again, I think Mega Eth is, is a great example of this recently, is that if you do not have basically some level of proven success with a token in your ecosystem, People are going to leave. Inevitably the highest quality founders going to go where they have the highest chance of success. And if they do not see an example of a project that is able to get this sort of outcomes that they're looking for, They are not going to be interested in continuing to build on the chain. I think this week alone I saw another team leave Mega Eth for base. The same logic applies here. And so what does that mean that we can actually do from our side? Yes, of course, we can dramatically reduce the amount and of grants that we are, you know, giving out to teams in the ecosystem instead of really high bar or teams and new founders that were going to sort of financially incentivize to come in here. But more important than that is spending time on really the go to market. And growth of some of these incubations. Because we have the control in this situation of incubations to really see these killer tokens come to fruition, launch, and then ultimately stay on, say, given the amount of oversight that we have there. And so my team, both from the BD and eco side, as well as areas like Devrel, like a new spending much more time. On the growth of these incubations than we are with additional founders in the ecosystem that may or may not end up, you know, launching their product on, say, at the end of the day. And the result is that we're going to set the precedent for successful launches on, say, which can help kick start this flywheel of bringing in new founders who are serious about actually building here and staying here. And then for us, I'll sum this up in that the product growth is for sure the. The primary thing we're driving after the. The largest use case narratively continues to be where the Capitol lives, which is these big institutions. As far as the KPI when we're talking about conversion. There's two sort of themes here. One is reevaluating how we're resourcing different channels or vendors or whatever that actually will drive to the point of conversion rather than just top of funnel awareness impressions and, and making a lot of noise. So, so resourcing. The other one that's a big thing we're working on in the last couple weeks and and hopefully we'll have a good place on very soon is just more sophisticated attribution to to show the data that we want to be able to get inside so and react from. And so that requires a bit of setup on on how we're going to track attribution for, for people along the funnel. So those are the two main themes. And yeah, mind share, Twitter engagement can't be the KPI because it's oversaturated. In all the analysis shows that it's, it's not the cause of price action. It's it's more often than not an effect of it. So for all team wise, we definitely want more projects like Yay. As I've mentioned earlier, in all hands. We spent a lot of time to basically build up. Yay. Right from day one in terms of inception, in terms of project idea. Right. The product timeline, product ideation and all that kind of stuff. And, you know, resulting eventually in a successful tge. So what Jeff said, we're definitely going to cut down in terms of, like, spreading our ammo, you know, spreading our time and working with, like, a variety of teams. We're basically going to go back to what we were doing in 2024, early 2025, which is basically placing bets on several projects. Just 1, 2, 3, nothing more. And basically try to replicate what we have done in the past. Review across the bot for this two or three projects. Another thing is definitely trying to get Buddha off the ground. Budapest, which is, you know, functions basically like a launch pool in Binance, where people stick, say, receive ecosystem rewards and tokens. I think this is actually incredibly important, especially as we basically try to build out the Xiaomi app, because with Xiaomiya, we basically saw some of the biggest issues in crypto, right, which is basically user onboarding distribution. However, that is actually not enough. Right? Because you need some sort of retention mechanic for people to basically come in and log in daily and do stuff daily on the ecosystem, which is something that we do not actually have. So think about it as like a funnel, a marketing funnel. You can spread your wings and get a lot of the kind of pipeline, but at the end of the day, you have to narrow it down, acquire users. And then retain them, which then also leads to more users via one of mouth and all that kind of stuff. Just creating basically a huge mega user acquisition, a flywheel. So this is definitely something that I think that is incredibly important for the ecosystem. And this also applies for, like, gaming and defi apps, right? Because it's not only a case where we might just distribute gaming tokens and stuff, but basically, across the board, this is a tool that can solve the entire ecosystem. Another thing is definitely while TVL is like I mentioned, it's not the peak priority at all cost and this has been very prominent in the case and likes of like chains like Apples where they have like massive TBL even up to today, but it's not being used, there is no user activity and basically you know, it results in nothing. Volume is definitely a lot more important, right? Because if signify is usage and utilization of the chain. But like what I mentioned earlier today, in this kind of market situations and stuff, it's worth reevaluating. And basically instead of having that consistently high TVL and volume numbers across the board, it might make sense to basically assess the market, the overall macro conditions, and then pull the trigger to basically fuel that kind of numbers when the time comes. And quickly from the upside, continuing a lot of the work that's happening behind the scenes on automation and all that stuff. But for this group, I think doubling down on the team, continuing to build out what we believe is one of the top teams in crypto. And then what was mentioned earlier around the office and things. Like the Van EC event we were in last year, continuing to find those high leverage types of things that can turn the HQ into a hub. So we'll be doing a lot more experimentation and a lot more investment on that front. Last but not least, hand it over to Gerald. Yeah, so, just on the. The legal side. Just expanding the team. So welcome Josh with. With some key hires in. In, like, decision making. Roles across SDF Labs and Aster. So we're, we're nailing those down now. That's very exciting. Just highlighting, like, the U.S. Foundation structure. You're going to keep seeing more and more projects copy what we did. And we actually were the first to tie a Kamn Foundation to U. S. Foundation. So that's, that's been really interesting. And, and we'll continue, say, just being recognized in policy discussions and as, as a leader in, in D. C. We're going to continue that engagement. It's been pretty effective, especially as market structure continues to, like, go through whatever turmoil it's going to go through. And then we've already talked about kind of the product development piece. And just continuing as we make these bigger shot bets that everybody on the Call has been describing, making sure that we are really standardized on how we spin up and, and roll out those projects. So. That's. That's it. From legal. Awesome. I know there's a lot, but this is not fully comprehensive. There's a much more detailed plan that Foundation has been talking through. So yeah, a lot to be excited for. With that on to quick be updates and we'll wrap up towards the end of the call. Thanks for my end. Just two cross team shout outs I want to make in light of what we just covered. The first is to Gerald and his team who have been blocking and tackling across a bunch of different initiatives in a bunch of different areas in parallel. If I remember correctly, we were messaging on, like, Christmas Eve to get docs out in New Year's Eve. So I just want to give a shout out to the legal team, who has been certainly working tirelessly. And then the other one would be to Cody. Cody has been given a number of really high priority projects. On short timelines and has been consistently able to, you know, get his. His team to action on them quickly. And so far, it seems like we're shipping with some really great results. So shout out to those two folks. And then we'll move on here to Jason for a quick update on games and. And move through a few quick updates from the rest of the BD team. Very interesting so just want to try that Kindran have already achieved 7.5 million rate listed address. And all these carefree came from the initial 25 piece that they sign. And as of today, though, it's not announced yet. But they have redesigned over 35 IPS. And this basically means that, you know, they're going to have more my share bringing more friends from these different IPS to basically like you know, have a mess of onboarding effect from all these users that's going to become ecosystem. Eleanor, do you want to go ahead here? Thanks, Austin From my side there's a learning which is under the new rebrand of science innovation seeking our position itself along current themes like national security and defence tech. So this mask because there's like a Strong affiliation with P0 names like A16Z for example on the latest fundraise and it also helps us build up a strong. Yeah, strong portfolio of mind share which can be used to convert high stakes leads. And an example of this is 23andMe with UN and Bootan. Great. Jack, you want to go ahead? Yeah. Mesh, which is basically a payments orchestration company, now supports both SEI and USDC on SEI, some of their public customers, PayPal. So PayPal is going to be rolling out this thing called PayPal Pay with Crypto Kali outside the US and a couple others. So basically, any enterprise that Mesh works with now can get access to both SEI and USDC on say for on ramping and payments. And then we'll round it out with Dylan here. Just a quick update on what he's been working on over these past few months since he's onboarded. Yeah, just continuing off. What Austin has said earlier with with all the updates, there's a major focus on capital efficiency with our spend. And just to put a number to that emphasis. We've saved over 2.35 mil since September through contract negotiations with service providers. And securing better equity positions in our grant funding. And what we'll do is probably update this. This number quarterly going forward and kind of just, you know, show you guys that that is continuing to be a major emphasis for us going forward. I think Clinton will. I'll just jump in here quick. So Monty isn't able to join us today. He just joined our team on labs a week ago. And he is off on paternity leave for the next four weeks. He joins us in Australia and he will be our solutions engineer, helping out a lot of wider support for all that integration partners, all the. All the onboarding, everything. And he just had twins. They are his fifth and sixth child. I'm sure he'll reach out in about four weeks to a lot of the people he'll. He'll be partnering with across both Foundation and labs. Quick plug here. Before we do a Q and A, we are hiring. We want to get those referral numbers way up. So if you know people in your network that would be good for Andy's roles. They're posted on their respective Ashby pages, so you can find these by going to, say, IO going to the footer, clicking on the jobs buttons there. Please reach out to your networks, tap in, get those referrals. If you get someone to an interview, final interview, there's a financial incentive. So there's incentives even if people don't end up getting hired. So please keep that in mind. And we're looking forward to hearing from you and your networks. And with that, we have nine minutes left for Q and A. Feel free to drop it in the chat, drop in the Q and A, or unmute. Perfect. Go for it. Yeah. Question for J and Jeff. Also curious your thoughts Jay. You had a couple tweets about how crypto will follow a similar trend to Robinhood where speculation was the initial hook with options trading to get users. And once you get them you can add in the more long term products like banking and retirement accounts. Can you elaborate on that? And on that note, for us in particular, the opposite direction may not work, right? Like, if we start with something that's like one of those longer term products. Which are only like incrementally better. There's no hook to bring people in potentially. Yeah, that's correct. So, I mean, that's, that's a great question. And if you look at Robinhood and honestly, a lot of fintech companies. The way they get started is they're able to draw end users from speculation. Robin did this. Coinbase is doing this. And then the next step is to become the Everything app, which is where you start having a lot of services that you're offering. Like banking, credit cards, brokerages, retirement accounts. Like everything just under one umbrella. And if you try to offer all of these longer term products at the start. It's really difficult to get users. Like your problem had started off by launching IRAs or something. No one would have used it. But because it was options trading, that's the initial hook that was able to help them get users. I think it's going to be identical in crypto. And we've seen this with other pins as well. Like Tilano would be an example over here. Where the initial type of activity you were seeing with Solana back in the day was type 2, for example NFTs in DeFi. More recently it was tied to meme coins. And once you start seeing the speculative activity that draws in users. The next step is for institutions to start coming on, and we're starting to see this now, like even the kfi, with a lot of these institutional products that are being launched on chain. Right now. It's still very early. Like, if you look at the actual institution, like, I mean, the RWAs are launching. They're permissioned tokens. So, like, you can pay money to securitize and you get a token that you cannot actually trade on. So I think the next step, which we'll start seeing in 2026, is for these to become tokens that can be traded. So there will be secondary markets. Launching. And I think that'll lead to kind of the basis for a new kind of financial. At least new financial products that can be built. And I think that'll lead to the longer term effects that I anticipate seeing in terms of crypto actually being used to facilitate these more financial use cases. And I think, yeah, I mean, to just wrap that up, you can't have it go the other way if it's not. If you're not able to draw in users with these boring products and, like, you're never really going to be able to build those rails in the long term. Yeah, go ahead, Gerald. Yeah, I just, I thought it was interesting, like, just on the, the product side for Robinhood and Coinbase specifically, they started on a very narrow use case with like a really, really smooth ux. Right. So at Robinhood actually started with was just no fee trading and the gamification of like, confetti and. That kind of stuff. And then they expanded into all these other products and, like, fractional shares and all these more complicated things. Coinbase took like a light touch regulatory approach to a really clean UX. So if you remember back in like 2016, 17, when everybody was deciding sort of what exchange to use, Coinbase was one of the only ones at the time that wasn't KYC users onboarding you could literally buy crypto with a credit card. And so that would mirror some of the things we're looking at with, like, the Xiaomi Wallet app, right? Or like, even Monaco, where it's like we get this base case kind of up and running, and then you're able to get traction, these more complex areas, too. I just want to add that. And just one final note from my side around all of this. Historically in crypto, like, everyone's been fighting for the same 10,000 users. And I think we're taking a different stance now. Stuff like Xiaomi allows us to potentially compete for 100 million new users that we're previously not using. Crypto Rails at all. And I think that's what's really going to drive future adoption. Like in 2026, 2027. I don't think success will come from the same 10,000 users. It's going to be by setting up distribution partners. And that's why I'm excited, for example, about a lot of the work that Jack is doing. To help draw in new users. It'll be allowing us to just tap into an entirely new market altogether. Couple questions in the Q and A here. Firstly, what does Kindred having millions of waitlist users mean for the ecosystem. Yeah, I can. I can take this. This relates directly to what Jay was just saying. There are definitely not 7.5 million people who are active on crypto. Twitter, for example. And so anytime that you can have these new hooks to bring people on chain specifically, obviously to say it'll be impactful for us. In the case of Kindred, what's really interesting is their whole strategy. Revolves around IPs that are really targeted towards the youngest possible generations. Right. So a lot of their IPs are things like Teletubbies and. And, you know, like, things that maybe it's like children or, you know, early teens are into. Which kind of sets us up for that next generation of user onboarding and only further helps contribute to the credibility that you win through something like a Xiaomi. Next up, we got a couple Xiaomi questions. Good segue. There is a Xiaomi app. You got to be fully built in house. Sounds like it should be built by lots of Foundation if it's a large focus. Follow up question to that is when can we do PR around Xiaomi again? I can pick that with regards to the pr because there was a lethal question. We've aligned with them that we would basically only stop hypothesizing this when the app is ready to roll out. Right. So based on current timelines and stuff, we're projecting that to be sometime in May, where we basically tried to do the first country and then go from there. Right. So until then we will have to basically, yes, very confidential. We have to hold on our horses when it comes to sharing via personal accounts as well as any form of Foundation, really. In terms of building the app, Kodi and Zenda has been very, very integral in terms of building a lot of stuff. I think it's also a case where for now, while we are basically working hand in hand with them to basically build a lot of the initial iteration of things, there are several kind of stuff that personally, I think it's very, very integral on whether or not this app becomes successful. Right. One of the perfect example is definitely Monoco. Another example is definitely the brutal pad that I spoke about earlier in the old hands. Well, they're definitely contributing a lot. Labs folks have also been contributing a lot in terms of, like, rolling this out to production. Yes. Katik. Sorry, I didn't mean to raise hand. Okay? Folks. Well, if no more questions, we have one more question in the Q and A. Any more details on staking, say, plans? Do you want to share those?
